#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt pyproject.toml
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.4
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.1
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via litellm
coverage==7.8.2
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.17
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   langchain-google-community
google-api-python-client==2.170.0
    # via langchain-google-community
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via langchain-google-community
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   langchain-google-community
grpcio-status==1.72.0rc1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hf-xet==1.1.2
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.32.3
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via litellm
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via litellm
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.23
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langchain-anthropic==0.3.10
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langchain-community==0.3.21
    # via langchain-google-community
langchain-core==0.3.51
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langchain-google-community==2.0.7
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langchain-google-genai==2.1.2
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.3.12
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.74
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.16
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.53
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
litellm==1.71.2
    # via vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.6
    # via langchain-community
openai==1.72.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via litellm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   vmpilot (pyproject.toml)
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.22.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
